and so what's your message to the women
out there who are now breaking glass
ceilings making headways in a lot of
areas and men were dominating and even
to men to actually go out there and
support women because you've done so
much that's what I told while I'm
checking the pad when there is no woman
volunteer I wore the sand report in my
underwear but where can I go for uterus
I met an artificial in a rubber bladder
I feel animal blood I did for two three
weeks but it looks unnatural but I
realized a secret decode a secret from a
guard out of using the wheat centiped in
my underwear for three weeks the
strongest creature created by God in the
world not an elephant
not a lion not a tiger the women
Amen to that thank you for saying that
and I I just want to understand what
that experience was like because from
facing so much criticism from being
ostracized to now being given Awards now
being recognized what does that feel
like for you is it a huge validation so
humor you're recognizing me you are not
recognizing your recognizing the women
menstruation the period yeah it is not a
taboo it is natural so whenever I am
getting a colored it is not for me it is
the cause what I'm doing so that's why
even that interview I'm not giving to
you the cause is spreading that's why I
took Chris to come here so the moment I
am sitting I'm talking I'm not talking
about my thing I'm not going to ask the
vote for my party nothing I am talking
about women period so give access to the
downturned people especially the girls
in the studying in the school because
they're dropping out from school in a
simple matter not available
that's what I spoke with Indian Finance
Minister sir we are talking about making
two digit GDP growth in our country
unless otherwise you are bringing our
women into that Indian Workforce we
can't make it that's why it happened the
GST everything you know so because at
least they have to finish the school
then they have to get some skill
training then they will join in the
Indian Workforce